Brother Rong, let alone three years
Even three months, I don't want to wait anymore.
You are now the home of the Rong family
Mainly not to change the rules
Rules are rules
If future generations can change it at will
What else? Why?
Do you want me, a member of the Rong family, to come down? Why?
Ah Zhi, euphemisms are just casual remarks
I see, although you didn't prove it
But ah, already engaged
It's like a couple
Why don't you let Wan Qi live in your house?
Aunt, it's not that you don't know
Before I couldn't see it at all
I can't tell you.
But don't worry, aunt.
My fiancee is the only one who thinks about it.
There will never be a second one.
Joe loves you don't worry
This is you as the official designer
Exhibiting in Paris for the first time
I will definitely help you take the best pictures.
Thank you, you're welcome.
In fact, I have been looking for you since I returned to China
Yes, looking for me.
After that trip
My dad's condition suddenly worsened
I accompanied him to a foreign country for treatment
I have been trying to get in touch since returning home
But your phone keeps turning off
Ah!
That's because after I graduated, I
Just go through work
Changed the phone number
I see.
Fortunately, we finally meet again.
I will never let you go again this time